feat: update colors settings (#994)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

### New

> - Added ability to change primary and secondary colors from SiteSettingsViewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to change primary and secondary colors from Site Configuration Drawer.
```
